
Introductions and Problem Description:
The members of our group are Alvin Li, Nate Nolan, and Sean Huynh. We have chosen to pursue option B: viewing YouTube data from the perspective of a content creator. 
We selected this option because we know that there is a surplus of information and details that YouTube provides to its creators in order to help supplement their content. That data
is collected specifically for the use of creators, so taking the perspective of the content creator for this project seemed to be the easiest option.

Important Data: One important piece of data to decipher what is important to creators is the genre of their videos.  This will be vital in determining what types of videos each consumer is drawn to
and which videos creators are more willing to make as a results. Another piece of data we plan to use extensively is average views per video, which will help decipher the video-watching habits of consumers.
This would be helpful to a creator because it could help influence them in how long they make their videos in order to maximize viewer retention. Another useful piece of data could be the countries in which the most 
popular channels originate. This could help a creator to understand which demographics they should cater to in order to earn the most viewership. For instance, if a channel is looking into dubbing their content into 
another language, knowing which language that the most popular creators speak would certainly be helpful in making the decision of which language to dub to first. Another useful statistic that aspiring conent creators 
could use would be the video upload frequency of the most successful channels. This would be useful in determining one's own schedule for uploading content that not only works for them but also will generate the
most viewership.

Database Schema:
The database will be made up of two tables. One table will be named YT_VIDEO_STATS, the other will be named GLOBAL_YT_STATS. Each table representing a different source of data provided. YT_VIDEO_STATS
will ahve a focus on videos, containing attributes such as title (VARCHAR2), published_date(DATE), likes(NUMBER), comments(NUMBER), and views(NUMBER). The other tables, GLOBAL_YT_STATS
will instead focus on the creators themselves and their channels. Contained in this table will include the channels' subscriber count(NUMBER), rank(NUMBER), total views(NUMBER), name(VARCHAR2), earnings(NUMBER),
country(VARCHAR2), and varuous other useful statistics.

