Which genres of videos will retain the majority of the general public? 
Knowledge from class: Analyze different genres of videos and select the videos that have more than 50% retention rate, review genres.
Interest: optimize views for videos created by targeting a demographic

How does video length attract viewers to watch the video?
Knowledge from class: Analyze data among videos with different lengths, and compare viewership, identify the runtime for videos with high view count
Interest: encourage creators to make their video a certain length  

What time of day do most viewers tend to consume YouTube videos?
Knowledge from class: Select the top results for time of day watched when sorting by view count 
Interest: encourage creators to release videos at a certain time

What types of advertisements (genres) generate the most amount of retention/user activity?
Knowledge from class: Select the adplay ID,videoID, ad description and point of exit for ads with higher watch durations.
Interest: Analyzing this data will allow for more user curated advertisements, instead of users skipping content.

What is the relationship between video likes and viewer retention?
Knowledge from class: Select the video likes for the corresponding videoID while also grabbing the video duration.
Interest: Analyzing this data will provide a context to the amount of likes and the duration that people watch said videos.

What is the relationship between video upload frequency and audience retention for content creators?
Knowledge: Select the count for the videos and the count for the amount of contents.
Interest: This would be great information to motivate content creators if the correlation is positive.

Was there a corelation between number of ads and the number of people who clicked off the video
Knowledge: Select the count of ads and then the cont of overall numer of people who clicked off at a certain point when an add appeared (multiple “when” counts)
Interest: Placement and overall dislike for ads might affect the video so this will help creators balance ad revenue and retention rate

At what point did people like or dislike the video and did this effect if people left the video afterwards or continued to watch
Knowledge: Select like time and when they left for each video

From which countries do the most popular and successful channels originate? (NATE - COMPLETED)
Knowledge: Select the country nd channel name and rank of the 100 highest ranked channels. 
Interest: When making the decision to dub content, knowing which regions consume YouTube the most could be useful in determining which language to dub to.

Are older channels significantly more successful earnings-wise than newer channels? (NATE - COMPLETED)
Knowledge: Select and group by the creation year of channels. Also select the average highest monthly and yearly earning amongst that group.
Interest: When making the decision to create a channel, knowing that if newer channels even have the ability of being successful compared to older channels would be useful
in determining if you still want to give content creation on YouTube a go.


